# C++ Project Template

Ceci est mon modèle pour les nouveau projets en C++. Il est volontairement simple, afin 
de pouvoir être utilisé dans des cas très simple, mais il peut sevir de base pour des 
projets plus complexes.

## TODO

- [ ] Choose a license and add it to the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file
- [ ] Update the current [README.md](README.md) file to remove the template documentation and add your
      project documentations
- [ ] Remove the adder exemples and replace them by your project.
- [ ] In all the CMakeLists.txt files remove reference to `project` and replace them with
      the name of your project.
- [ ] Start a new changelog in [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) 

## How to build

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mathmoi/CPP-Project-Template.git
cd CPP-Project-Template
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
cmake --build .
```

## Change log

The change log can be found in the [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) file.

## Directory structure

### examples

Containes exemple applications that can be used to document how the code can be used.
Theses are not applications that are the target of the project.

### apps

This optional directory contains the application generated by the project. It's structure
is similar to the examples directory, but the application defined here are the result of
the project.

### include

This directory contains the public includes.

### src

This directory contains the code of libraries/components

### tests

This directory contains a single unit tests project using catch2. There should be a
subdirectory for each library/component that needs to be unit tested. Theses subdirectory
can be further divided as needed.

